Our Story:
I am Abdelhalim Kotb and I have graduated from Agricultural College in the Biotechnology division.
What’s more, we are a group of friends have graduated from Agricultural College in 2019. 
we have the same Idea which creating an organic farm so we decided to begin it on small scale
and do more trials to get great products of fresh chicken, vegetables, Honey, and organic Egg.
. In 2020, following the revolution, Abdelhalim decided to start implementing organic
agriculture on an unused piece of land that belonged to his family. Over the next few years,
Abdelhalim and his team of engineers patiently built up the soil and planted a wide range of
vegetables and herbs. What started as selling a few kilos of pesticide-free cucumbers at the
local farmer's market in Damanhur city and so we decided to create an organic food company.

Our services and benefits:

Today HellOrganics Food delivers to customers, retailers, and the best hotels across Egypt. With
the bold ambition of making clean and nutritious food accessible to all, the company sources
both from its 3-acre farm as well as from small farmers across the country that follow the
company’s guidelines for responsible and sustainable growing. The company sells under the brand,
HellOrganics Food is seeking to get certified organic by the European Council for
Organic, grown using low input, regenerative farming methods.

Our mission:

We believe you should know your food, where it comes from, and who grows it. We deliver
organic produce and premium, pesticide-free fruits and vegetables straight from the source to
your home.
The company’s flagship product is the weekly box which is delivered directly to customers
homes., customers that sign up receive a selection of fresh vegetables, fruits, and herbs, that will
vary along with the seasons, specially curated by the team and accompanied by recipes and
tips, to guide people on how to use seasonal produce. As the first farm-to-table delivery service
in Egypt, Hellorganics Food was a pioneer in the local food movement by reconnecting people to
their food and where it comes from.
Above all, Hellorganics Food aspires to be a hub for good food in Egypt and a community where
like-minded individuals can connect over their passion for sustainable, healthy, and happy living.
In this spirit, Hellrganics Food regularly invites its customers to come to its flagship farm to
participate in a variety of unique events that range from open day picnics and chef’s tables to
seasonal harvests and wellness retreats. Its team of dedicated staff members includes people
from all walks of life united by a common passion for local, sustainable and healthy food.


=================
early in 2019, Abdelhalim Kotb and his fellows - who graduated from Agricultural College in the Biotechnology division - whose passionate about organic products decided to build their small organic farm producing vegetables, honey and beside it organic chickens and eggs